Issue 391 - Updates to EFO feedback processing (#430)
EBIvariation/CMAT: docs/manual-curation/step2-manual-curation.md

### Note on spaces and line breaks
Sometimes, especially when copy-pasting information from external sources, a mapping label or URL can contain an additional space symbol (at the beginning or end) or an accidental line break. This causes problems in the downstream processing and must be manually removed. To minimise the occurences of this, Google Sheets template includes a validation formula for the first two columns (“URI of selected mapping” and “Label of selected mapping”). If it detects an extra space symbol or a line break, the cell will be highlighted in red.

## New terms
Once a term has been marked as IMPORT or NEW, it will automatically show up in the corresponding "Add to EFO" worksheet.
Terms for import do not require any additional manual intervention, but new terms require some additional information, in particular:
* **Parent term** - Suggested parent term within EFO. This is required but does not need to be exact as it will be reviewed by EFO maintainers - a rough idea of the term hierarchy is acceptable.
* **Child terms** - Suggested children within EFO (if any), should be added if possible.

> * **Description, synonyms, PubMed IDs** - Should be added if possible, for example taken from OMIM or MedGen, but can be skipped if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Description, synonyms, PubMed IDs** - Should be added if possible, for example taken from OMIM or MedGen, but can be skipped if the information cannot be found.
```
